I'm tired of you coming in two hours
late with puke on your boots that you're
paid through yesterday I remember the
day you came to me start blues band on
my dime everybody knows you're too
scared to get on stage it's not about
that man play for me it's not you
god-given talent away and spruce the
hell you look at I gave you a chance now
I gotta come and collect what is owed to
me
[Music]
Buzzbee Bailey
the grandfather Huntsville past I'm
sorry you got to be there in person to
connect the misty yeah that's a good one
this day yeah
whether you must weigh about 500 pounds
all this you can around with weighing
you down
hey wait a minute wait a minute my truck
my music from director Mario Van Peebles
waltz dollop it sober life Redemption
world is infused with a generosity of
spirit do you think you can just waltz
in and we just pick up where we left off
both performances are pitch perfect
blues and countries take paid and big
news what are you doing with shoulders
to be baby Academy Award nominee Michael
Clarke Duncan is the perfect foil until
the surprise finale I know what I'm
doing just let me do it he's riding in
the truck with me
[Music]
it happened the pot of gold at the end
of the rainbow
oh no I heard you come in for money
[Music]
I love what you do
love the people you do it with
love what you leave behind
[Applause]
Redemption Road all you needs to
understand is that something's a child
that beautiful sunset that ain't you
only in theaters
[Music]